Document jakarta packages for Spring 6 and Spring Boot 3 (#6048)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/wizard/java/spring.md

type: framework
---

> <Alert level="info">
>     There are two variants of Sentry available for Spring. If you are using Spring 5, please use `sentry-spring` ([GitHub](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java/tree/master/sentry-spring)). If you are using Spring 6, please use `sentry-spring-jakarta` instead ([GitHub](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java/tree/master/sentry-spring-jakarta)).
> </Alert>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Alert level="info">
    There are two variants of Sentry available for Spring. If you're using Spring 5, use `sentry-spring` ([GitHub](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java/tree/master/sentry-spring)). If you're using Spring 6, use `sentry-spring-jakarta` instead ([GitHub](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java/tree/master/sentry-spring-jakarta)).
</Alert>
```
